LYNX-334: Add doc for place order changes and new queries (#304)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/orders/queries/guest-order.md

---
title: guestOrder query
---

# guestOrder query

> Use the `guestOrder` query to retrieve guest order details based on number, email and postcode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `guestOrder` query to retrieve details about an order placed by a guest or customer who is not logged in. To retrieve this information, the guest must supply the order number, email, and postal code used to create the order.
```

Author: Done!

## Syntax

`{guestOrder(input: OrderInformationInput!) {CustomerOrder!}}`

## Reference

The `guestOrder` reference provides detailed information about the types and fields defined in this query.

## Example usage

**Request:**

```graphql
{
  guestOrder(
    input: {
      number: "000000001",

>       email: "test@test.com",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      email: "test@example.com",
```

Author: Done
